Digital Economy: World Impact
In the last few years, the growth of the internet users has been quite significant, and this is because of the increased and almost universal access to the it in a lot of countries. This access to the internet allows basically anyone with a computer or a smartphone to always stay in touch with their relatives and friends but it is not only helpful in that way, it can also help people to work remotely, and with all the new traffic and data that is being generated it becomes a favorable environment for the digital economy to rise.
There are 14 ICT indicators, and they are updated annually or as soon as they become available by the OECD’s Directorate for Science, technology, and innovation. The following ICT indicators are the most recent ones according to the OECD.
 1.Access lines and access paths in total counting telephone lines, fixed broadband and mobile subscribers per 100 inhabitants for OECD
 2.Mobile subscriptions in total / per 100 inhabitants for OECD
 3.Trends in telecommunication revenue, investment and access paths which are how the trends evolve with mobile and fixed broadband, cellular, telephone lines, etc.
 4.Broadband subscriptions such as fiber, cable satellite, etc. per 100 inhabitants in OECD countries 
 5.Percentage of fibre connections in total broadband 
 6.Households with broadband connections, urban and rural
 7a. Enterprises’ broadband connectivity, by firm size 
 7b. Small and medium enterprises with broadband access, fixed or mobile 
 8a. Employment of ICT specialists across the economy, as share of total employment, by category
 8b. Employment in the ICT sector and sub-sectors 
 8c. Growth of employment in the ICT sector and its sub-sectors in the OECD area
 9a. Telecommunication services revenue in total for OECD
 9b. Telecommunication infrastructure investment in total for OECD 
 10a.Value added of ICT sector and sub-sectors 
 10b.ICT and total business expenditure on R&D intensities
 11a.Specialisation in ICT-related patents
 11b.International co-inventions in ICT 
 12.ICT goods and services in manufacturing exports, by economy or region of value-added origin
 13.Changes in wages relative to labor productivity
 14a.ICT investment by capital asset, as a percentage of GDP
14b. Evolution of ICT investments, as a percentage of total investments
The ICT now provides a great usage for businesses and the way they can change their business model. With digitalization it is now easier for companies to have a better information flow throughout the company, increase their business integration, among other things. And with these benefits, businesses can look for opportunities of growth in the digital world with the integration of web pages, social media marketing and big data analytics.
It is now important for businesses that are storing large quantities of data generated from their products or services, to implement a strategic data analysis. This means that these companies need to be aware of what is happening in their line of business. 
By implementing strategic data analysis in the business, it is easier for them to find opportunities where growth is possible, monitor whether things are going great or poorly, and adjust to the necessities. 
Thanks to the ICT now businesses have grown among OECD countries and that means that new legal implications come up with the development and globalized usage of new technologies. Some of these legal implications involve patents on ICT, that is why it is needed some expertise in the field of technology, both in hardware as in software. These patents need to be treated carefully to determine the correct usage since they play a very important role in the digital economy.
ICT and digital economy can bring great opportunities in other areas like the ones below.
Health: In health, some of the opportunities that could be provided are preventive and personalized models of care, mobile devices to address problems like self-management and modifications based on the habits.
Agriculture: Some of the benefits that agriculture could see range from farm machinery in order to reduce the heavy workloads of workers and provide a more automated process, to remote satellite data and sensors in order to minimize the costs of monitoring the state of the crops and their growth as well as the water usage and the quality of the land.
Science and energy:  With ICT and digital economy science and energy can receive huge boosts, especially since the advancements in energy could help to provide people from remote places with energy or cleaner energy, and more collaborations can be done in the scientific field with people from all around the world.
The relevant indicators for digital economy are already set in order to create a guide that enables an informed and prepared transition focused on the growth and well being of businesses and individuals. The following are the relevant indicators.
Access: This serves as a principle to have high-quality access to communication networks and services at competitive prices.
Use: This point refers to the correct and effective use of the technologies because of their great power and potential.
Innovation: innovation refers to giving new opportunities for business models and markets.
Jobs: This means to create market regulations to protect jobs and create new ones, as well as capacitating employees.
Society: This point refers to ensure the digital transformation doesn’t harm individuals and collectives.
Trust: Trust means that all of the precautions before a digital transformation must be taken.
Market openness: With this point it is a way to enable the digital transformation by creating a business-friendly environment.
Another area that can be impacted by ICT is the government. With the technologies it would become easier and quicker to have access to public services and have a better response to the needs of the citizens, as well as reduce the administrative processes.
Social business can also benefit from it, the scalability that they are able to get up to a global audience and the cost-effectiveness they provide, as well as the way to connect with people in a direct and empowering way.

References:
https://www.oecd.org/sti/ieconomy/ict-and-the-health-sector.htm
https://www.petbusinessprofessor.com/strategyandtactics/strategic-data-analysis-what-is-it-why-do-it/#:~:text=Strategic%20Data%20Analysis%20is%20a,and%20in%20regularly%20monitoring%20progress.&text=The%20monitoring%20of%20your%20progress,Plans%20still%20require%20%E2%80%9Ctweaking%E2%80%9D.
https://patentbusinesslawyer.com/patents-based-on-information-and-communication-and-technology/
https://www.oecd.org/agriculture/topics/technology-and-digital-agriculture/
