Questions
1.	What are the policies to promote ICT generally directed to?
Digital divide, ICT education, digital skills and literacy, connectivity with network infrastructure and telecommunication plans, cybersecurity and trust, or e-government efficiency.
2.	Name ICT policy areas
Digital security, trust, consumer protection, connectivity, access, content use, etc.
3.	How can direct financial support generate results?
Direct financial support may go through lead agencies to manage program implementation, or take the form of loans, grants, vouchers or training oriented to generate specific results.
4.	Why are non-financial support instruments the most widely used?
Because they include measures to increase skills, digital competences, and awareness of digital technologies and their opportunities and risks.
5.	Why are they focused on targeted groups?
to reduce the digital divide and take the form of digital inclusion or training programs, courses, awareness campaigns and implementation of portals or hubs by the public authorities.
6.	What to regulations and statutory guidance aim at?
They aim at improving trust in digital technologies, e-government services, and the e-commerce environment.
7.	What are information portals used for?
They aim to improve trust in the digital economy and to provide specific tools and information on cybersecurity and data protection
8.	How will the digitalization of business be facilitated?
by technological developments such as the rollout of 5G networks and increasing connectivity of objects through the Internet of Things (IoT).
9.	How does digitalization allow grater business integration?
Beyond the information flows management within companies, for a variety of business functions such as Enterprise resource planning (ERP) and Customer-relationship-management (CRM).
10.	SME’s face new barriers because of…
These barriers are a symptom of imperfections in product, credit and labor markets. They may also reflect the disproportionate impacts of regulatory complexities, administrative burdens, and policy inefficiencies on this business population.
11.	Why are cloud services important in Digitalization?
They support the diffusion of other technologies, as well as new organizational and marketing practices.
12.	What does BDA refer to?
BDA refers to the use of techniques, technologies, and software tools for analyzing the huge amount of data generated from electronic activities and from machine-to-machine communications.
13.	Policies are most often directed at…
Firms with aims relating implicitly or explicitly to enhancing firms’ profitability.
14.	What are some of the areas that policies touch?
Increasing sales, boosting competitiveness, lowering operating costs, reducing compliance costs and improving productivity.
15.	What are the two main objectives of policies to promote ICT usage in business?
First, they want to ensure firms have access to the knowledge and skills needed to choose and use the tools that will most benefit them. Second, they want to help businesses adopt digital tools, which may include the need to fund investment expenditures.
16.	What are the policies for SME’s aiming for?
increase general digital skills, as well as technology awareness and adoption.
17.	What are required to carry out tasks in online environments and are key for enabling effective use of digital technologies and prospering in the digital society?
Solid cognitive skills coupled with problem-solving skills and other competencies
18.	What are the four types of internet use?
Diversified and complex use, diversified and simple use, use for practical reasons, use for communication and information.
19.	What do digital inclusion policies should consider?
the acquisition of basic literacy and numeracy skills as they impact individuals’ use of Internet in addition to factors such as age or employment status.

20.	a
