ERICK RUBEN JAIMES CURIEL

1.	What is the primary driver for data management?
a.	It is to allow organizations to obtain value from their data assets.
2.	What is a data asset?
a.	Is an economic resource which can be held or managed and that has or can produce value, this can help organizations to make better decisions or operate efficiently.
3.	Why is it difficult to value data?
a.	Because there are no costs or benefits for data that are standardized.
4.	What are some of the categories that can be applied for data valuation?
a.	Cost of obtaining and storing data, replacing data if it were lost, impact to the organization if data were missing, etc.
5.	Why is it necessary for an organization to handle data ethically?
a.	Because unethical data handling can cause damages in the status of the company and customers therefore putting customers at risk.
6.	What are the three main concepts for data handling?
a.	Impact on people, potential for misuse, and economic value
7.	What does respect for persons mean in the ethical principles of data?
a.	This principle reflects the fundamental ethical requirement that people be treated in a way that respects their dignity and autonomy as human individuals
8.	What does beneficence mean in the ethical principles of data?
a.	This principle has two elements: first, do not harm; second, maximize possible benefits and minimize possible harms.
9.	What does justice mean in the ethical principles of data?
a.	This principle considers the fair and equitable treatment of people
10.	What is ownership of data?
a.	The rights to control one’s personal data in relation to social media sites and data brokers. Downstream aggregators of personal data can embed data into deep profiles that individuals are not aware of.
11.	What is the right to be forgotten?
a.	: To have information about an individual be erased from the web, particularly to adjust online reputation. This topic is part of data retention practices in general.
12.	What is identity in an ethical context of online data?
a.	Having the right to expect one identity and a correct identity, and to opt for a private identity.
13.	What is online freedom of speech?
a.	Expressing one’s opinions
14.	Give an example of market timing
a.	stock trades can artificially raise a stock price at closing of the market giving an artificial view of the stock’s worth.
15.	What are misleading visualizations?
a.	Charts or graphs that change scale, leaving data points out, comparing without clarifying the relationship, etc.
16.	What are the component pieces for creating a data handling strategy?
a.	Values statements, ethical principles, compliance framework, risk assessments, training and communication, roadmap, approach to auditing and monitoring.
17.	What is data governance and Stewardship?
a.	The exercise of authority, control, and shared decision-making (planning, monitoring, and enforcement) over the management of data assets.
18.	What do most data governance drivers focus on?
a.	Reducing risk and improving processes
